Update BoilerplateProjects.md (#6319)
webdriverio/webdriverio: docs/BoilerplateProjects.md

    - Contains sample test scenarios in mocha
    - Integrated with eslint and allure reporting

### [17thSep/Mock-and-Spies](https://github.com/17thSep/MonitorNetworkLogs/)

Boiler plate project for:

- Capture Network Logs
- Capture all GET/POST calls or a specific REST API
- Assert Request parametes
- Assert Response parameters
- Store all the response in a seperate file

> You can watch it created in this link.
> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Be9IPyxHmLs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can watch it created [on this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Be9IPyxHmLs).
```

    - Contains sample test scenarios in mocha
    - Integrated with eslint and allure reporting

> ### [webdriverio/Mock-and-Spies](https://github.com/17thSep/MonitorNetworkLogs/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### [17thSep/Mock-and-Spies](https://github.com/17thSep/MonitorNetworkLogs/)
```

> Boiler plate project for 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Boiler plate project for:
```

> Capture Network Logs
> Capture all GET/POST calls or a specific REST API
> Assert Request parametes
> Assert Response parameters
> Store all the response in a seperate file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Capture Network Logs
- Capture all GET/POST calls or a specific REST API
- Assert Request parametes
- Assert Response parameters
- Store all the response in a seperate file
```

> You can watch it created in this link 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can watch it created in this link.
```
